if you can get in the zone on a regular
basis your performance is going to start
yes I want you guys to think about
something more safe so when I'm pitching
to like Goldman Sachs what I do is I
walk in the room and I ask the people
what is the difference between a good
day and a like think about that
as human beings we have good days and we
have bad days what's the difference like
your biology is the same every day that
you play a game like if you're playing
it doesn't matter what game you're
playing every day your experience is
growing so here you should be getting
back right you know more about the game
today than you did yesterday
so if unless something drastic is
happening in general you should be
improving every single day to play so
why do human beings have good days and
why do they have bad things and the
answer is exactly what Mark said it's
about the state that you operated so
like when Michael Jordan is in the zone
and we've all experienced it if you can
get in the zone on a regular basis your
performance is going to start so this is
where like what I do is I teach people I
made it my life's work to teach people
that getting in the zone is not random
because you guys know like on some days
you have a bad day you're like it's just
not happening today I'm just not you
guys never won before you know with like
losing streak and then you guys gone on
a winning streak something magical
happened and your players suddenly get
better on Game five no the way that they
showed up to play changed not the person
that they are and so meditation is about
like structuring that flow snake is
about understanding that the difference
between good days and bad days it can be
reduced if you try if you change your
diet if you change your sleeping you
learn how to meditate
it's I'm done that's probably gonna be
hard to do this but I'm gonna ask you
best to do is sit up straight and then
just raise one finger and we're gonna do
a practice called the ultimate not so
great okay so I'm gonna demonstrate once
you guys can kind of do with me I'm
gonna block my right nostril and I'm
never leaving through my left I'm going
to switch to the other and also block it
and then breathe out and then in through
the same nostril switch out
then again in
switch now
into the same nostril
you
other teams pro teams that have salaries
of millions of dollars a year when they
lose a game they tear each other apart
you weren't doing this you want to doing
this weren't doing this the attitude in
the winning team was completely
different they support each other
they're like hey man it's okay don't
worry about it don't rage don't tilt
tilt prevention what I teach is tell
prevention and if you can train yourself
to not tilt imagine how good they also
use this one psychologist